[DOREEN LAWRENCE:] 'Stephen
was always creative.
'He had a patient.
careful way about him.
'He used to love sitting with his
father after school and drawing.'
Thank you so much.
'I think he was about
seven when he announced
'that he wanted to be an
architect and he stuck with that.'
I'm sure if he was here.
he'd have a few suggestions
and corrections for you. David.
[THEY CHUCKLE]
Neville. Been waiting long?
13 years...
and counting.
When my son was murdered.
the police thought. "Just
another Black boy stabbed."
But there's no such thing
as "Just another Black boy."
and this building. this centre.
will say that much more loudly
than I can.
And the brilliant young
people who use this space.
they will be Stephen's
living legacy.
[APPLAUSE]
Provided By M_I_S
www.opensubtitles.org
My son's killers were
identified 13 years ago.
within hours of his murder.
Since then. there's been
three investigations.
the law of double
jeopardy was changed
so that murderers
could be retried.
and still. we're sitting
here with no justice.
I understand your
frustration. Mr Lawrence.
but after reviewing
the evidence.
the CPS did not feel there was a
realistic prospect of conviction.
It has been two years since the
last investigation concluded
and we still haven't
seen any evidence.
We have no way of appraising
whether the CPS was justified.
I can assure you it was... No.
No. You can't
"assure" me. because
you're telling me that
there's nothing you can do
and I don't accept that.
I think the only way
forward is to go to court.
seek a judicial review
of this decision.
Mr Lawrence. what I can do
is arrange a review
of your son's case.
Who will be doing this review?
Which one of you is the
investigating officer?
'Morning.'
It's been cleared out. All we've
got to do is hand over these
to the developer
who's 20 minutes late.
Used to be my nick. Yeah?
Well. it's no longer
fit for purpose
in the modern Metropolitan
Police Service.
We're surplus to requirements.
Shaun. like this old dump.
Except when they've finished
here. two-bed flat. half a mil.
This place was supposed to be
empty. What IS all this stuff?
These are case files.
Looks like all police property
has been properly disposed of (!)
Oh. a patrol car.
Easily missed (!)
[CAR HORN] The developer.
Better tell him we're not ready.
SIGHS
[SHAUN: ] Sorted.
Records Management
will be thrilled.
What the hell is
Operation Fishpool?
This is all one case.
Can't be.
[SIGHS]
Oh. Mm.
[FOOTBALL COMMENTARY ON RADIO]
Here you go. lovey.
Thanks. love.
What are you up to?
Just tidying up some
old files from Deptford.
Just some old files?
I know who that is.
[CLEARS THROAT] Well
they were just left
there. gathering dust.
Not right. is it? Case
like this needs solving.
Mm.
[NEWS REPORTER:] 'One
officer who stood out.
'and heavily criticised
by Macpherson.
'was Detective
Sergeant John Davidson.
'He had been responsible for
handling vulnerable witnesses
'and arresting and interviewing
some of the suspects.
'So you're telling
me that key detective
'in the first Lawrence investigation
was corrupt. and in the pocket
'of Clifford Norris. father
of one of the suspects?'
'From my conversation that I had
with John Davidson on that day.
'I would say that John Davidson was
receiving cash from Clifford Norris.
'By his expression that
he was using it as a...
'He was "getting a
little earner" out of it.
'It was "a good little earner".
'Yes. and that. in my mind.
was corrupt practices.'
[HE SIGHS]
Neil Putnam. Ex-detective for
the South-East Crime Squad.
Became a supergrass after getting
arrested for corruption himself.
Why now? If he knew what
was going on all along.
why didn't he speak up
earlier? He says he did.
Claims he told the officers
who debriefed him in 1998.
The Metropolitan Police
have ceased to amaze me.
It's gonna be broadcast
on Wednesday night.
Oh. We'll need to
respond. then. won't we?
I mean. surely this throws
up new lines of inquiry.
What are the police doing?
I'll ask for an update and...
We need the Independent
Police Complaints Commission
to investigate. We need
to keep up the pressure.
To see Deputy Assistant
Commissioner Dick.
If you could just
sign here. please?
[DETECTOR BEEPING]
I'd like to take on the
Stephen Lawrence murder.
The case has already
been allocated.
With all due respect. Ma'am.
the senior investigating officer
is catching cannabis
farmers in Newham.
As far as I can see.
young Stephen's been gathering
dust for the last three years.
No-one seems to want to
touch it with a barge pole.
But you do.
I've been through
the files. Ma'am.
It's a straightforward crime that
I think we should be able to solve
with a bit of
common-sense coppering.
"Common-sense coppering."
Yes. Ma'am.
Right. well. I'll give
it some consideration.
Thank you. DCI Driscoll.
The brass have asked us
to reinvestigate the
murder of Stephen Lawrence.
The Deputy Assistant
Commissioner was quite specific
about this being a review.
I thought we were moving
to proactive stuff.
Change of plan. This'll be our
priority for the foreseeable.
Seriously. hasn't this case
been investigated to death?
You're not wrong there. Tony. This
murder has had three investigations.
six senior
investigating officers.
It's even had a public inquiry.
and yet. no-one has been held to
account for young Stephen's murder.
which means we. the Met.
failed to do our job.
and failed in our duty
to the Lawrence family.
It is our privilege to be
able to put that right.
This is not a whodunnit.
We know "whodunnit".
Norris. Dobson. Knight
and the Acourt double act
were all named by numerous people
within hours of the murder.
What IS a mystery is why. when
there were clear grounds for arrest.
the senior detectives at the time
waited two weeks to pick 'em up.
Two weeks! When we
were in the '90s.
we'd arrest people first.
ask questions later.
We'd arrest just for fun.
They cocked up. badly.
We won't be marking
anyone else's homework.
We'll start from
scratch on the basis
we're more than a match
for a gang of racist thugs.
So. we're gonna need
witnesses. That's you. Birdy.
Tricky. you'll be sorting
all the case files.
The clothes of both
Stephen and the suspects.
we need Forensics to
look at them again.
We're gonna leave no stone
unturned. no stone unanalysed.
no stone uncarefully
noted and filed.
It's gonna be a slog. so if you
don't wanna be here. let me know.
I'll help you get a transfer.
Cos if you don't
wanna be here. well
it's gonna be a nightmare.
Right. any questions?
No. guv. No? Good.
Right. let's get to work.
DI Shaun Keep will be the IO.
He'll be allocating tasks.
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
Guv. I'm out.
I'm just a copper at
the end of the day.
This is a bit. you know. too...
You know what I
mean. No offence.
None taken. Tony. mate.
I appreciate you being
straight with me.
[SIGHS]
Well Hall Road. Eltham.
This is Ground Zero. where
the murder took place.
From now on. this
happened today.
You've just arrived
at the crime scene.
April 22nd. 1993.
Stephen and his friend Duwayne
Brooks are waiting for a bus.
Witnesses say they
were happy. relaxed.
talking about recent
Arsenal signings.
After a few minutes.
the bus hasn't arrived.
so they head back down
towards the roundabout.
From there. they'd be able to see
a bus coming in either direction.
and they could have legged
it to whichever came first.
Keep going. Shaun.
Yes. stop there.
So Stephen was about
there. where Shaun is now.
Duwayne was here. a bit behind.
Duwayne sees another 286.
Then he hears someone
shout racist abuse.
He turns and sees the
first of the white boys
running across the
road towards him.
Duwayne sees them converge
on Stephen. then legs it.
and shouts for Stephen to run.
Witnesses say Stephen was
set upon by five or six men.
They bundled on top of him.
Stephen is stabbed twice.
The knife. or knives. went
five inches into his body.
It was a brief attack. a blur.
When Duwayne looks back. he sees
the gang fleeing up Dickson Road.
Stephen is running towards him.
He runs past the stop. trying
to catch up with Duwayne.
Duwayne's telling him to run.
He's worried the gang are gonna
double back and trap them.
Stephen calls out to his
friend. "What's wrong with me?"
He managed to make it 130 yards
from the site of the attack.
Incredible. considering
the stab wounds
had severed auxiliary arteries
and penetrated his right lung.
He collapses heavily
on the ground here.
and is unresponsive
within seconds.
By now. it's about 10:43.
At 11:05. on arrival
at Brook General.
Stephen Lawrence
was already dead.
[MAN:] ♪ As I went down
In the river to pray
♪ Studying about
that good old way
♪ And who shall wear
♪ The starry crown Good
Lord. show me the way
[CHOIR JOIN IN:] ♪ Oh.
brothers. let's go down
♪ Let's go down. come on down
♪ Oh. brothers. let's go down
♪ Down in the river to pray
♪ As I went down In
the river to pray
♪ Studying about
that good old way
♪ And who shall wear
The robe and crown
♪ Good Lord. show me the way
♪ Oh. sisters. let's go down
♪ Let's go down. come on down
♪ Down in the river to pray. ♪
I feel some peace when
I'm in Jamaica. you know?
But England?
Every time I come back here.
I just start to feel so
angry all over again.
Yeah.
You have a lot to
be angry about.
I know.
But it's not a nice way to feel.
We keep you in our
prayers. Neville.
I know. and I'm... I'm grateful.
but it's hard to pray when
your heart is full of hate.
That's the thing that holds
me back from being baptised.
All He asks is that
you open your heart.
He'll do the rest.
You know
after Stephen died. after
the first trial collapsed
a man came to see
me and he said that
he could take the burden.
told me that if the police
couldn't give me justice.
then he could.
Outside the law.
You understand what I'm
talking about. yeah?
An eye for an eye.
But Neville...
I told him no. because I knew
I didn't want to be like them.
I didn't want hate
to consume me.
But when the Lord tells us.
"Turn the other cheek"...
I...
I don't know where
to begin with that.
What does it mean to
"turn the other cheek"
when your son has been murdered?
What does anything
mean after that?
Clive. All right. mate?
All right. Bill? Jammy win
against Liverpool. that.
Jammy? Nothing jammy about
it. mate. Pure artistry.
Listen. commiserations getting
that case dumped on you.
Waste of time and
money. I don't follow.
Saint Stephen Lawrence.
I mean. what makes
him so special. eh?
It's embarrassing how we
kowtow to that family.
just for them to slag us
off at every opportunity.
Thing is. we didn't
finish the job. did we?
I mean. I'd be slagging us
off if I was in their shoes.
Case record's a mess. guv.
We're missing witness
statements. got blank actions...
Well. if they've made a hash of
it. we're never gonna patch it up.
so start it again
and start it right.
Well. we've got 540
boxes back there.
That's tens of
thousands of documents.
Better get a start on.
then. hadn't you. Tricky?
I'll see what we can do.
Maybe we can stretch
to another indexer.
There's a few potential
witnesses on the estate
we're pretty sure could put
the gang near the scene.
Great. Bring 'em in.
It's complicated.
Basically. they told us
where to go. Keep going.
Well. we've got witness K.
right? He knew the suspects.
He said he visited the Acourts
on the night of the murder.
He saw Neil Acourt and David
Norris in a state of undress.
as if in the process
of cleaning themselves.
Perfect.
He wasn't interviewed
for another 12 days.
The kid apparently became
fearful of reprisals
and has refused to
co-operate ever since.
And then. well. there's a pattern.
You know. he's a decent witness.
delays in following 'im
up. and changes of heart.
We're talking about
kids. for Christ sakes.
First priority should be
making them feel safe.
Well. as it stands.
they don't love us. guv.
What about Stephen's
friend. Duwayne Brooks?
Now. he really. really
doesn't love us.
He wasn't handled well
in the past either.
and now he's wary of us. We're
gonna have to reassure him.
Not only is he a witness.
he's the second victim.
He's vital. Got it.
What about Mr and Mrs Lawrence?
Are we gonna meet with them?
No. they've been through enough.
I'm not going near them till
I've actually got some good news.
Thank you so much for
coming in. Mrs Lawrence.
I want to acknowledge
at the outset
the great injustice
your family has endured.
I think it's fair to
say your son's case.
and the hard lessons learned
from its many failures.
are part of the IPCC's
organisational DNA.
I think it would be helpful
if we could clarify the terms of
reference of your investigation.
Yes. of course.
The key question
we aim to answer
is whether ex-Detective
Sergeant John Davidson
had a corrupt relationship
with Clifford Norris.
the father of one
of the suspects.
We had concerns about the initial
investigation from the start.
Rest assured.
we will be going through Davidson's
actions with a fine-tooth comb.
My point is. I don't believe the
problem was one corrupt detective.
My fear for a long time is that
this has been an anti-investigation.
designed to cover up the truth.
[READS:] "Since the
suspects were not arrested"
"until at least two
weeks after the event.
"I believe that looking at
their clothes for fibres"
"that could have come from
Stephen Lawrence's clothing"
"is not worthwhile at all."
[MAN ON VIDEO:] 'If I was gonna kill
myself. do you know what I'd do?
'I'd go and kill every
Black cunt. every Paki.
'every copper. every mug...'
Morning.
Surveillance tapes from '94.
Just got 'em from the archives.
'Skin the Black cunt alive. mate.
Torture him. set him alight.
'I'd blow the two legs and arms off
and say. "Go on. swim home now!" '
[SIGHS]
And this is from the
surveillance team.
The whole gang at a
christening a week ago.
Look at them. Not a
care in the world.
How did they not
nail these bastards?
I'll give you one reason. They
didn't check their clothes fully.
What do you mean?
Forensic Science Service.
They didn't look for fibres from
Stephen on the suspects' clothing.
Well. yeah. but it
was a brief attack.
Yeah. it says... here. "Brief
attack. out in the open."
"chances of forensic
exchange vanishingly small."
Who said it was brief?
First investigation did.
It was in the original lab
request. "Brief attack".
These phrases. someone
uses them once.
and they get repeated
as if they're gospel.
What does "brief" even mean?
What. five seconds. five minutes?
It's hardly precise. is it?
Right. and then there's
the 15-day delay
before the suspects'
clothing was seized.
The forensic people reckoned any
traces would have been lost by then.
If they washed them.
but that's a big if.
The clothes might have just been
sat at the back of a wardrobe.
They say there's
no point checking.
I tell you. if I had a quid for
every time a scientist has told me
there's no point doing
something I asked them to do.
I'd be able to buy Fulham
a new centre forward.
I mean. a small chance
isn't no chance. is it?
A small chance is a chance.
We're gonna need
fresh eyes on this.
This case has had half
a dozen inquiries.
No-one's ever raised concerns
about the conduct of the
Forensic Science Service.
Well. there's your trouble.
Look. in '93. the SIO
said. "Do everything."
Then the FSS bods
come back and say.
"No point doing this. no chance
with that. vanishingly small."
and the SIO says. "OK.
forget it. You know best."
It was a brief attack.
out in the open.
The most likely reason
for them finding nothing
is there was nothing to find.
They didn't even examine
the suspects' clothing
for traces from Stephen.
You can't find what
you're not looking for.
What are you actually proposing.
Clive? I wanna go private.
The FSS didn't do what
they were asked last time.
They'll be defensive if they
have to go over it again.
Hello. I'm Angela
Gallop. strategic lead.
And this is Ed Jarman... Hi.
One of our forensic
scientists. Hello.
DCI Clive Driscoll.
DI Shaun King.
First things first. I want
you to test for everything.
blood. hair. fibres.
If there's a test or a process
out there. I want it done.
Now. you might know full well. "No
point testing for this or that."
but I'm gonna ask
you to do it anyway.
There have been huge advances in
micro-spectroscopy since the '90s.
That's great. er. but
before we get into that.
I'd be grateful if you
could sign this memorandum
confirming that the forensic
review will be police-led.
I don't think I've ever had
to sign one of these before.
No. it's something
I came up with.
I'll be carrying
the can on this one.
We don't wanna repeat the mistakes
of the last forensic investigation.
You were saying about the tests?
Yes. Looking at the FSS reports.
I mean. the obvious omission
is a Phadebas press test.
Sorry. that's an
alpha-amylase test. Saliva.
Yeah. I mean. like I say.
half of what you're doing
will be lost on me. but I
want you to do it anyway.
We do need to bear in mind
that this was a brief attack.
I don't want to overpromise.
But. as we say. every
contact leaves a trace.
Thank you.
Right.
[CLIVE SIGHS]
They weren't excited enough.
Seemed keen to get going to me.
It's that "brief attack"
line. It lowers expectations.
I mean. he was attacked by
five lads. for Christ sakes.
What's brief times five?
It's not brief. is it?
We've just got to bring
it to life for them.
It's a technical reconstruction. so
no need for. er. amateur dramatics.
Shaun here is gonna stand
in for one of the attackers.
You all right with that. Theo?
Yeah. Sure. I...
remember the case.
Well. I don't remember
it. obviously.
I was only a kid.
Yeah. You were. weren't you?
Did I say the wrong thing?
No. it's just that it's
been a long wait. hasn't it?
For them.
Right. well. Stephen's body was
covered in bruises and abrasions
from being kicked and punched.
There were two stab wounds.
both about five inches each.
on the right collarbone
and left shoulder.
We're gonna go through each of
the witness statements in turn.
work out the consistencies.
and see if we can work
out how the injuries fit.
So. you come at him
from this direction.
Stephen's hand turns. and as
they surround him. he goes under.
Yeah. on your right side.
That matches the position
for the entry wound.
Er. witnesses say
a punch was thrown.
a kick that didn't land.
Then Stephen tries
to wriggle free.
This is when the second stab
wound might have been sustained.
No. no. no. overarm.
like you're bowling.
Yeah.
Go.
[THEO EXHALES]
[SIGHS]
Not long enough. You got through
less than half the injuries.
He's got abrasions here. here
and here. on the left side.
Then he's got entry wounds
on the left and the right.
so. somewhere. he's flipped.
There had to be more blows.
Go.
[SHAUN AND THEO PANTING]
That's a result.
Good lad.
Are you all right there. Shaun?
Bit warm?
You OK. Theo?
Yeah. Just. you know.
I just really hope you
nail them. guv. That's all.
That wasn't brief.
In anyone's book.
that is an intense.
relatively prolonged assault.
Our estimate is
25 to 30 seconds.
The first investigation
described it as "a brief attack".
and that's haunted
us ever since.
That phrase has been as good
as an alibi to the murderers.
There must have been a very
large amount of contact. in fact.
And I'm thinking about
the attackers' trousers.
Just looking at the video.
Stephen was on the ground.
They must have had to
kick him to keep him down.
There are so many opportunities
for fibre transfer.
And if there were multiple
blows after the stabbing.
then there's potential for a
lot more droplet dispersal.
And the rips in Stephen's clothing.
that's a potential site for... Mm.
This opens up a lot of
interesting avenues.
but there's one problem.
The Forensic Science Service.
I told them to send
you everything.
Yes. well. they didn't. They
withheld their paperwork
on the grounds that they're
commercially sensitive.
I will give you 48 hours. then
I'm getting a Section 1 warrant
and I'm seizing MY exhibits.
They're civil servants.
You can't get a warrant against
the government. can you?
They're interfering with the
administration of justice.
I tell you. just trying to
make a start on this case
is like pulling teeth.
OK. Leave it with me.
Here you go. Thank you.
Hello...
You're not from
round here. are you?
Red fibres? Must be from
the ambulance blanket.
They're red. aren't they?
Thought of that.
but these are a completely different
colour under magnification.
Almost orange. We keep finding more
of them on Stephen's outer garments.
What about Stephen's polo shirt?
Can you test against that?
The polo shirt was
under two other layers.
'I can't see how the
fibres could transfer.'
If the test can be
done. I want it done.
You were right.
The fibres are microscopically
indistinguishable
from Stephen's polo shirt.
So. back to your question
- how did they get there?
For Stephen's polo shirt to transfer
fibres to the outside of his coat
they must have had
high... "shedability".
Well. I'm not sure
that's a word. but yes.
Remarkably high...
"shedability".
So those fibres could be...
On anything that
touched Stephen's coat.
It certainly helps to know
what we're looking for.
So this is it? This
is your final report?
Yes.
And while we do
not ultimately find
the corruption allegations
presented in the documentary
to be credible.
we do make several
learning recommendations
to the Metropolitan Police.
But you didn't actually
interview Davidson.
As ex-Detective Sergeant Davidson
is no longer a serving officer.
we couldn't compel
him to co-operate.
At any rate. we were unable
to find any documents
to corroborate Mr
Putnam's claims.
This was an investigation into
police corruption and cover-up.
Surely you wouldn't expect officers
to document their own malfeasances.
We found no evidence at
all to suggest corruption.
I know this is not the outcome
you wanted. Mrs Lawrence.
but I am confident that
Putnam was mistaken.
Well. I'm glad you're confident.
Personally. I don't have much
confidence in police officers
investigating police officers.
[SHAUN: ] 19-year-old French au pair
gave a witness statement. but...
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
Angela.
Your theory of
"shedability" was correct.
These were found
on Dobson's jacket
and these on Norris's trousers.
Microscopically indistinguishable
from Stephen's polo shirt.
You realise this is the
first physical evidence
linking any of the
suspects with Stephen?
I think we can say your
hunch has been vindicated.
So... you're telling
me we've got a case?
Yes. I think you do.
I think it's time for us
to speak to the family.
[WEATHER REPORT ON RADIO]
'Looking ahead to tomorrow. and
that band of low pressure lifts...'
Hi. Mum. Hi. Gina.
Were you working late
again last night?
When do you ever relax?
I've got a job to do.
Mum. you need time for
yourself. too. you know?
You should think about putting
yourself out there more.
I AM out there and busy.
I am! I've got the centre.
I've got fundraising
and bursary applications...
Mum. that's not what I mean.
I'm talking about... you know.
Well. it's not like
I'm hiding away. is it?
I would like to
have some company.
but men don't seems to
know how to approach me.
Mr Lawrence. Thank you so
much for making the time. sir.
All right. You're just in time.
I'm flying back to
Jamaica tomorrow.
and I have a school
visit this afternoon.
I understand that
you've been asked
to carry out some kind of
review of my son's case.
Well. given the
progress we've made.
it's now a full reinvestigation.
And I wasn't asked. I
volunteered. as it happens.
Progress? Yes.
I have to ask you to
keep this to yourself.
but we've found new evidence
implicating several of the suspects.
What kind of evidence?
Forensic evidence. Fibres
from Stephen's clothing
have been found on the
suspects' clothing.
Right.
So...
Sorry. I... I wasn't
expecting this.
The forensic review is ongoing.
Look. I don't want you
to get your hopes up.
but this is the first time we've
had actual physical evidence
linking the suspects
to your son.
And... And these suspects.
you mean the same boys...?
Yes. Four members
of the Acourt gang.
Good. That's... good news.
Sorry. I'm not really
used to good news.
Well. you've waited a long time.
Too long.
I can only apologise for that.
You say you volunteered
to take on my son's case?
I did. sir. yes.
Why you do that?
I think a young lad should
be able to catch the bus home
without being killed.
I mean. if we can't solve
a murder like Stephen's.
what's the point of us?
Just do your best. officer.
That's all we ever
ask. you know. Just
do your best. for Stephen.
[DOREEN:] 'There's racism
in every walk of life.
'Look. we have a candidate for
London Mayor. Boris Johnson.
'who talks about "piccaninnies
with watermelon smiles".
'That's not banter.
that's racism.'
[RADIO:] 'I think
Boris is right.
'This isn't about justice any more.
it's politically-correct hysteria.
'We have Jean on the line.'
'I don't know why people
give her a platform.
'I mean. it was. what.
15 years ago. almost?
'Can't we move on?'
So what do you
think this is about?
Well. they could be about to
tell us it's the end of the road.
What do you mean? That they'll
close the investigation?
Well. we won't accept
that. No. of course not.
Detective Chief
Inspector Clive Driscoll
has been leading a review
of your son's case.
and I am going to ask
him to provide an update.
This is in
confidence. of course.
Erm. thank you.
First of all. we
reviewed the forensics.
and we believe we've
found new evidence
linking Stephen with
several suspects.
Er...
Now. obviously. this is not
a real person. obviously.
Sorry. Yeah. obv... obviously.
What this is is a distribution of
fibres from Stephen's clothing.
Some of the red fibres
from his T-shirt
have been found on the clothes
of some of the suspects.
And they are definitely
from his... Red polo top.
That's the one. ma'am. yes.
So this is... exciting news.
You said "suspects".
Who are these suspects?
Oh. yes. sorry.
So far. we've. er. found
fibres that link Dobson. Norris
and both the Acourts.
The same names I gave to a detective
who was in your shoes in 1993.
The names he didn't
even look at.
You know. every few years. I
get called into these meetings
to be told about the new
leads you're pursuing.
but I gave you leads.
I gave you the names 13 years
ago and nothing was done.
Well. that is what
we're here to rectify.
But why does it need
to be rectified?
Why has it taken 13 years?
Building a case is a complex
process. Often. it's...
Ma'am. excuse me. If I may.
Mrs Lawrence. I don't have the
answers to all your questions.
Mistakes were made.
Some of the mistakes. I
can see how they were made.
There were mistaken assumptions
made about the nature of the attack.
I wanna start from scratch
and correct those mistakes.
Other mistakes...
I can't explain them.
There were inexcusable errors
that meant that we failed
in our duty to your
family and to Stephen.
But this is my case now.
and I promise you.
I won't rest until I
arrest your son's killers.
So will you trust me?
Trust has to be
earned. Mr Driscoll.
You started off a bit... Yeah.
But she came round.
We'll see.
Got a lot of ground to
make up. haven't we?
Well. that was...
surprising. Hm.
Bit of a character.
isn't he. DCI Driscoll?
What did you think of him?
We'll see.
♪ My old man said follow the van
♪ And don't
dilly-dally on the way
♪ Off went the cart
With me whole life in it
♪ I followed on With
me old cock linnet
♪ I dillied and dallied
Dallied and dillied
♪ Lost my way And don't
know where to roam
♪ Well. you can't trust a
special Like an old-time copper
♪ When you can't
find Your way home. ♪
"New state-of-the-art
developments in forensic science"?
[SCOFFS]
He told me not to tell
nobody. but it's all here.
"Will you trust me?" He
actually asked me that.
You know what this
is. Same old Met.
[DOOR OPENS]
What?